Add a reference to the behavior change of async to dart-2 (#3087)
dart-lang/site-www: src/dart-2.md

  * `const` is optional inside of a constant context.
* Dart no longer has checked mode.
  * [Assert statements][] are still supported, but you enable them differently.
* Functions marked `async` now run synchronously
  until the first `await` statement. 

>   * Previously, they would return to the event loop once
>     at the top of the function body before any code runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Previously, execution returned immediately to the caller, and
    the function body was scheduled to run later.
```

>   * Visit [the Dart newsletter][sync async start] describing
>     the original motivation behind this change.

Reviewer: We try to mention the reason before telling people to do something that's optional. https://developers.google.com/style/clause-order

```suggestion
  * To learn more, read [the September 2017 Dart newsletter][sync async start].
```
